Changelog 125 (#87)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2020-06-25-changelog-125.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #125"

> date: 2020-06-25 19:26:11 +0300

Reviewer: Don't forget to update date

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #125"
date: 2020-06-25 19:26:11 +0300
---

## New Features

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5535 -->

> * Support debugging with MSVC toolchain in CLion 2020.2

Reviewer: Let's also mention https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/issues/5632 as the current status of debugger for msvc toolchain

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5586 -->
* Add `Introduce local variable` intention (by [@Kobzol])

    TODO: GIF

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5626 -->

> * Implement `Move File` refactoring

Reviewer: Let add that this support is initial and add current restrictions

    TODO: GIF?

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5614 -->
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5601 -->
* Add intentions to convert a method call to UFCS and vice versa (by [@Kobzol])

    TODO: GIF

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5550 -->
* Add the quick fix to convert an immutable reference to a mutable one (by [@Kobzol])

    TODO: GIF

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5557 -->
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5561 -->
* Add quick fixes to remove unused variable / parameter (by [@Kobzol])

    TODO: GIF

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5609 -->

> * Update icons for Rust items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update icons for Rust items. Now they are more similar to C/C++ icons
```

    TODO: PNG (old / new)?

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4640 -->

> * Enable intelligent highlighting inside macro call bodies

Reviewer 2: Let's note that it works only with the new expansion engine and add instructions about how to enable it.

> * Add detection of the new compiler errors:

Reviewer: Let's use present tense instead of past one in items below

  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5375 -->

>   * You tried to use a type which doesn't implement some trait in a place which expected that trait [E0277](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0277) (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: Let's use a passive voice here

  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5436 -->
  * A constant item was initialized with something that is not a constant expression [E0015](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0015) (by [@t-kameyama])

>   * A non-constant value was used in a constant expression [E0435](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0435) (by [@t-kameyama])

Reviewer: I'd combine this point with previous one and clarify that it's only for array size expressions
Something like `Check when a non-constant item is used in array size expressions [E0015] & [E0435]`

  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5582 -->

>   * A representation attribute was placed on an unsupported item [E0517](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0517) (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A `[repr](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/type-layout.html#representations)` attribute is placed on an unsupported item [E0517](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0517) (by [@Stzx])
```

>   * An unrecognized representation attribute was used [E0552](https://doc.rust-lang.org/error-index.html#E0552) (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: Maybe merge all error detections related to repr attribute into one item?

Reviewer: Hm, is it worth to duplicate error description since we produce the corresponding link to error index?

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5571 -->

> * Now IDE's inspections take into account lint level attributes (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now plugin's inspections take into account lint level attributes (by [@Stzx])
```

Reviewer: Would be great to specify what `take into account` means for users

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5466 -->

> * Support for `non_exhaustive` attribute (by [@Mcat12])

Reviewer: But it's not true - `non_exhaustive ` attribute had been supported in `Match check` inspection before this fix.
The corresponding PR fixes false positive "Match must be exhaustive" error

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5571 -->

> * Support for `forbid` attribute (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: I suppose it's quite hard for users to understand what it means. Let's reword it to clarify that exactly we support

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5313 -->
* Allow the user to change mutability of parameters in `Extract Function` dialog (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5548 -->

> * Report type errors for references with different mutability even these references contain unknown types (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Report type errors for references with different mutability even if a type is not fully known (by [@Kobzol])
```

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5570 -->

> * Make `Self` inside impl of enum to be resolved to both impl and enum items (by [@fan-tom])

Reviewer 2: I'd say it's a fix

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5580 -->

> * Enable `Convert match statement to if let` intention for irrefutable patterns (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: Let's add link https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch18-02-refutability.html for "irrefutable patterns"

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5579 -->
* Show unique editor tab names for `main.rs`, `lib.rs` and `Cargo.toml` (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5533 -->
* Improve text for `Convert to type` quick fix (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5354 -->
* Update `Wrong type arguments number` inspection (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5462 -->

> * Improve `Remove redundant type arguments` quick fix (by [@Stzx])

Reviewer: I don't understand what exactly we did here from end-user point of view

## Fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5599 -->
* Fix false positive about not allowed `impl Trait` in associated type binding (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5381 -->

> * Fix usage replacement in the `Extract Enum Variant` intention (by [@Kobzol])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix usage replacement in the `Extract Enum Variant` refactoring (by [@Kobzol])
```

* Support tuple struct fields in `Make public` quick fix (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5547 -->
* Don't trigger `Main function not found` inspection if the file has top-level errors (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5538 -->
* Fix `Go to Declaration` from associated type bindings on 2020.2

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5574 -->
* Fix parentheses completion for Fn* traits (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5528 -->
* Liveness analysis takes into account destructured struct fields (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5523 -->
* Fix `Join Lines` action for doc comment lines (by [@Stzx])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5515 -->
* Disable `Promote Module to Directory` and `Downgrade Module to File` refactorings for invalid files in the editor (by [@Kobzol])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/4868 -->
* Correctly handle symlinked Cargo projects (by [@Jezza])

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5603 -->

> * Take into account namespaces when name shadowing occurs

Reviewer: Let's mentioned what it means for user, i.e. name resolution now works when user use `anyhow::anyhow` uses

> * Take into account namespaces when name shadowing occurs

Reviewer: Also, I think it should be at the top of fixes

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5611 -->
* Properly escape text in a test output pane

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5549 -->
* Get rid of options to disable the Test Tool window

* Fix some exceptions:
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5584 -->
  * In `Remove reference` and `Change return type` quick fixes
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5591 -->
  * When analysing file with an external linter
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5583 -->
  * During code folding of invalid macro calls
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5578 -->
  * On `Find Usages` in Macros 2.0
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5595 -->
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5590 -->
  * In structure view and usage tooltip
  <!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5596 -->
  * When formatting file with rustfmt on save

## Internal Improvements

<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5545 -->
<!-- https://github.com/intellij-rust/intellij-rust/pull/5506 -->

> * Now Rust plugin is [dynamically loadable](https://www.jetbrains.org/intellij/sdk/docs/basics/plugin_structure/dynamic_plugins.html) on 2020.2.

Reviewer 2: Let's clarify that the plugin now can be installed without a restart. And I'd say it's a feature

Reviewer: > Let's clarify that the plugin now can be installed without a restart.

It's mentioned below

> And I'd say it's a feature

Agree

> It allows you to install and update the plugin without restarting the IDE

Reviewer: Let's avoid `update` here because update should unload plugin first and it may not work
